>> Zac: So I realize as folks
are still working here that
I just want to point out a few things
about the structure of this app.
So if you're still working go ahead but
if you're following along you may have
hit some of these problems as well.
So I just wanna address them quickly.
The first thing is that both
your local host site and
your WordPress site need
to be running on SSL.
So depending on whether you're using
DesktopServer local by Flywheel or
chassis, they all have different ways for
configuring SSL.
By far, locals is the easiest, you just
go into your site, there's an SSL tab and
click Trust, and then you could come
back and load your site in https.
I'm using a different environment,
so my setup is slightly different.
But whatever you're using,
just Google search how to use SSL
with DesktopServer or whatever.
You'll also notice that it's not secure.
And the reason for this is because
your computer is telling
the browser that it is secure.
And your browser is saying,
I don't believe you,
I need extra documentation now.
Local will handle all of this what's
called signing the certificate and
doing all of this on your behalf.
So it won't show up there but
I'm taking the lazy way.
Now, you don't want this
on a production site but
for local development
it's completely fine.
And if you see a warning that says,
are you sure you wanna proceed,
click Proceed and then click on Save and
you're fine for local development.
But your request will fail
if you're not on HTTPS.
And the same is true although it
will happen automatically when you
run your localhost 3000.
>> Zac: You
will need to have http up there.
Now that should happen automatically.
So in order for this all to work,
that's one thing that needs to happen.
If we come into our code,
there's some stuff I didn't mention about
the configuration of this sort of app,
so let's talk about that briefly.
The first is that in our config.js file
is where we're gonna build out any
dom elements that may potentially
change from one app to another.
So, let's say in every app we know
we need like an app container and
maybe a main page container.
So we could just change this on
the fly and everything will work.
Or if our markup ever changes
we only go to one place.
When you code a lot of J query and
you have these selectors all over
the place it's easy to miss something.
So this practice of having
a configuration file is great for that.
But you'll also need to
change your rest URL to be
whatever your site.dev is,
or whatever it is.
Mine's made green, .local.
Yours is probably going to be
something like yoursite.dev.
So that's another thing that you'll
have to change in order for this to work